Add disk space difference for runtime containers (#3637)
mendix/docs: content/developerportal/deploy/migrating-to-v4.md

    * The database status is not visible on the node details screen
* Mendix Cloud v4 only supports TLS 1.2 or above for incoming requests
    * If you have external clients connecting _to_ your application running in the Mendix Cloud, these clients have to support TLS 1.2 or above to be able to make a successful connection

> * In Mendix Cloud v4, the disk space for runtime containers is limited. This has an impact on the possibilities for custom Java code, as that is run on the runtime containers. Especially with creating or editing large files with custom Java code you can run into this file size limitation. This means you might have to change your application logic to create multiple smaller files with Java code, instead of one large file.

Author: @MarkvanMents That sounds good. I'm not sure how limited the disk space is. If I'm correct it is several GBs, but the metrics on the Cloud Portal don't give an absolute number, just the usage percentage. Also, I'm not sure if the disk space is the same or different for different plans, and if this is going to change in the future.

> * In Mendix Cloud v4, the disk space for runtime containers is limited. This has an impact on the possibilities for custom Java code, as that is run on the runtime containers. Especially with creating or editing large files with custom Java code you can run into this file size limitation. This means you might have to change your application logic to create multiple smaller files with Java code, instead of one large file.

Author: I don't know how to make a suggestion, but maybe we should change the first line to something like:

In Mendix Cloud v4, the disk space for runtime containers is separated from the file storage, and limited to 2/4/several GBs.

> * In Mendix Cloud v4, the disk space for runtime containers is limited. This has an impact on the possibilities for custom Java code, as that is run on the runtime containers. Especially with creating or editing large files with custom Java code you can run into this file size limitation. This means you might have to change your application logic to create multiple smaller files with Java code, instead of one large file.

Reviewer: How about 
> is limited to a few GB
or
> is limited to a couple of GB

> * In Mendix Cloud v4, the disk space for runtime containers is limited. This has an impact on the possibilities for custom Java code, as that is run on the runtime containers. Especially with creating or editing large files with custom Java code you can run into this file size limitation. This means you might have to change your application logic to create multiple smaller files with Java code, instead of one large file.

Reviewer: @feddovanede  - shall we go with the suggestion below? Then at least there is something in the documentation.
```suggestion
* In Mendix Cloud v4, the disk space for runtime containers is separated from the file storage, and limited to a few GB. This has an impact on the possibilities for custom Java code, which is run on the runtime containers. When manipulating large files with custom Java code which creates temporary files, you can run into this disk size limitation. This means you might have to change your application logic to process multiple smaller files with Java code instead of using one large file, so that temporary files are garbage collected as you go along.
```

> * In Mendix Cloud v4, the disk space for runtime containers is limited. This has an impact on the possibilities for custom Java code, as that is run on the runtime containers. Especially with creating or editing large files with custom Java code you can run into this file size limitation. This means you might have to change your application logic to create multiple smaller files with Java code, instead of one large file.

Author: @MarkvanMents Checked with the Cloud team: the disk size is currently 4GB for all plans. We could add that? Not sure how often it will change?

Should we emphasize that the runtime and its dependencies take up part (~25%) of the disk space?

> * In Mendix Cloud v4, the disk space for runtime containers is limited. This has an impact on the possibilities for custom Java code, as that is run on the runtime containers. Especially with creating or editing large files with custom Java code you can run into this file size limitation. This means you might have to change your application logic to create multiple smaller files with Java code, instead of one large file.

Reviewer: I'll change the suggestion above ☝️  to say:
> separate from the file storage and generally limited to less than 3 GB
That takes the current setup, subtracts 25% and then is a bit imprecise about how much is really there!
Does that look good?

> * In Mendix Cloud v4, the disk space for runtime containers is limited. This has an impact on the possibilities for custom Java code, as that is run on the runtime containers. Especially with creating or editing large files with custom Java code you can run into this file size limitation. This means you might have to change your application logic to create multiple smaller files with Java code, instead of one large file.

Author: 👍
